docs(custom-views): Add custom views documentation (#11390)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/custom-views/index.mdx

{/* TODO(msun) figure out how to resize this */}
![Unsaved Changes Indicator](./img/custom_views_unsaved_changes_indicator.png)

### Reordering Views and Setting a Default View

Your can reorder your view tabs by dragging them to where you want them to be. The first tab will always be your default view and will be what you see when you first open the **Issues** page.

### Renaming Views

To rename a view, select it from the tab list. Then, either double click on the view's name or click the ellipsis menu and select **Rename**, type in a new name, and hit enter.

## Sharing Views

We built views in a way that makes them easy to share with people in your organization. To share, just copy the link to your issue view and send it to a fellow org member. The link will take them to a **temporary tab** that contains the same query and sort as your view. They'll then be able to save the view as their own by clicking **Save View**, or discard it by clicking **Discard**.

> 

Author: Reminder to self: add a note that temporary tabs are not persisted, unlike normal tabs.

{/* TODO(msun) figure out how to resize this */}
![Unsaved Changes Indicator](./img/custom_views_unsaved_changes_indicator.png)

#### Reordering views and setting a default view

Your views can be reordered in the tab list by dragging them to your desired position. You can set any of your views to be the default view that appears when you navigate to the **Issues** page. To do this, simply drag your view to the first position in the tab order.

#### Renaming views

To rename a view, first select it from the tab list. Then, either double click on the view's name or click the ellipsis menu and select **Rename**, then type in a new name and hit enter.

## Sharing views

> Views were built specifically with sharability in mind. To share a view with someone else within your organization, simply copy the link to your issue view and send it to them. Anyone that clicks on the link will be navigate to a **temporary tab** that contains the same query and sort as your view. They can then save the view as their own by clicking **Save View**, or discard it by clicking **Discard**
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We built views in a way that makes them easy to share with people in your organization. To share, just copy the link to your issue view and send it to a fellow org member. The link will take them to a **temporary tab** that contains the same query and sort as your view. They'll then be able to save the view as their own by clicking **Save View**, or discard it by clicking **Discard**.

```
